docs: introduce new comparison page between kyverno and KW admission controller (#762)
kubewarden/docs: docs/admission-controller/version-1.36/modules/en/pages/explanations/comparisons/kyverno-comparison.adoc

registry. This kind of pipeline is usually maintained by the policy author.

Kubernetes administrators typically maintain other automation pipelines that react to
new releases of the policy (using automation tools like
https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/working-with-dependabot[Dependabot],
https://www.mend.io/renovate/[Renovate bot],
https://www.updatecli.io/[updatecli] and others), or to changes to the
policy configuration.

The pipeline tests the policy against different types of requests. You can do
the testing using the xref:/reference/kwctl-cli.adoc[`kwctl`] CLI tool,
without requiring a running Kubernetes cluster. The `kwctl` CLI tool uses the
same evaluation engine used by the {admc-short-name} stack deployed in a Kubernetes
cluster.

[#_policy_enforcement_modes]
== Policy enforcement modes

Both Kyverno and {admc-short-name} can deploy policies using two different
operation modes:

* *Enforce / deny*: violation of a policy causes the request to be rejected.
In Kyverno, this is configured via
https://kyverno.io/docs/policy-types/cluster-policy/validate/#failure-action[`failureAction: Enforce`].

> In {admc-short-name}, this is configured as the `deny` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Enforce / protect*: violation of a policy causes the request to be rejected.
In Kyverno, this is configured via
https://kyverno.io/docs/policy-types/cluster-policy/validate/#failure-action[`failureAction: Enforce`].
In {admc-short-name}, this is configured as the `protect` mode.
```

* *Audit / warn*: violation of a policy doesn't cause rejection but is logged
and reported. In Kyverno, this is configured via `failureAction: Audit`.

> In {admc-short-name}, this is configured as the `warn` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Audit / monitor*: violation of a policy doesn't cause rejection but is logged
and reported. In Kyverno, this is configured via `failureAction: Audit`.
In {admc-short-name}, this is configured as the `monitor` mode.
```
